(Episode 22)
- Hello. - Hello.
Oh, right.
Please check the meeting time for today's client.
Okay.
Mr. Kang, did you get home safely last night?
Yes.
Wait, Ah Reum.
Wait.
Can I...
kiss you?
Wake up!
Why am I dreaming about her?
"Can I kiss you?"
Why would you ask?
Just a moment.
(Spam)
(Young Shim)
Fried chicken place tonight, okay?
(Bombed Jung Woo Sung)
What are you doing, friend?
- Ms. Han? - What?
Who is it? Your boyfriend?
Is it Jung Woo Sung?
What are you talking about? It's not.
Come on, tell the truth.
It's not him.
- What's wrong? - What?
I feel stuffed up as if I have indigestion,
and my face flushes up.
My heart beats fast sometimes, and I can't sleep.
It's so odd.
What's wrong with me?
Ms. Han, I totally know what you have.
- What? - Menopause.
Those are my mom's symptoms.
Right, it must be menopause. That must be it.
Lawyer Kang Kyung Seok's office.
It's Seoul Bank's loan application division.
Mr. Kang isn't answering his phone.
Is he in?
Are you tired?
Thanks for the coffee.
Do you have something to say?
Seoul Bank's loan application division called.
They want you to call back.
Okay.
Why? Are you worried?
That we'll go bankrupt?
That you won't get paid?
No, I'm not worried.
We secured distribution in France, Germany, and the Czech Republic,
the main hubs of Europe.
We haven't signed the contracts yet, so it's not yet confirmed.
Stay in touch with the other companies as well.
Distribution is about the channels. That's all for today.
- Thank you, sir. - Thank you.
Just a moment, sir. Can you have a look at this?
- Rumors have spread. - What rumors?
That you rejected the chairman's niece.
When she went all the way to Jeju Island.
Who started that rumor?
It wasn't me. Don't you trust me?
- I do. - Why did you do that?
- What? - I heard you were so rude.
I heard you rushed out of the hotel.
I had no choice. Someone was waiting for me.
Who?
My girlfriend.
Your girlfriend?
What are you talking about?
You never told me about this.
This is unbelievable. Ji Won.
My goodness.
Am I the only one who knows?
That's why... Okay?
Give me the details from start to finish.
The 5 Ws and H.
That's it. We just got together.
Really?
Why am I so excited?
You can't stop grinning.
It's been so long, and a superstar...
- Shut your mouth. - Sorry.
- Calm yourself down. - Okay.
What do you do on dates?
She isn't just any celebrity. She's a superstar.
We get by somehow.
How?
Poor superstar girlfriend.
She likes it a lot.
She told me to come home early for dinner.
That's exactly the problem.
- What is? - Will you stay home all the time?
Although of course, being alone with her at home...
is better than anything.
You two can't go out freely.
That's why celebrities meet in groups,
not just alone in private.
For example, with her stylist.
Her stylist.
You two, I, and Mi Dal. We could meet up.
The four of us.
- For whose sake? - Whose do you think?
I'd do that for you and your blossoming love.
What?
Anthony and Sa Jin Jin went on their honeymoon.
Look at them. They look great together.
They do.
I really hope Anthony and Jin Jin get married in real life.
I think that would be great.
I have something to say. I'd like to meet.
(I have something to say. I'd like to meet.)
I have something to say. Are you free this weekend?
Anthony? What does he want to say?
Jin Jin.
- See you in Seoul. - Of course. We must.
I have something to say.
Okay. I'm free.
Ji Won.
Mom and I got you some tonic too.
I'll leave it on the table.
What for? I'm healthy.
You suffer from rhinitis in the winter.
- Take it every day. - Thanks.
(Speeding ticket)
(Location: Myeongjin Hospital)
I wasn't able to go to the hospital.
- What's wrong? - Oh dear.
It's not serious. I cut myself.
After years of using a knife?
Wake up.
My eyes are bleary and cloudy.
Because of the leeks.
I've chopped leeks many times before. I'm an expert.
See an eye doctor.
You told me not to.
Where are the band-aids? Come here.
Goodness.
Look who's here. Aren't you Anthony?
I am.
I'm Sa Jin Jin's mom.
Oh, how are you?
Thanks so much for being at the hospital.
Jin Jin could've been seriously ill.
Thanks for helping out when you must've been so busy.
I'm enjoying "We Got Married".
Jin Jin needs a lot of help and guidance.
Help her out.
Did Ji Won tell you that...
I invited you over to eat one day?
Come over with him.
I will.
Did you stop by Ji Won's?
Yes, our mom sent me.
I know Kwang Hee well.
She moved here when she was 20.
- See you around. - Bye.
Wait, wait.
Take these.
It's not much.
I heard that you live alone.
I'm fine. Give it to Ji Won.
I can always bring some more downstairs.
I made a lot to share. Take it.
Thank you.
Season the soup with salt to your liking.
Put whatever's left in the fridge.
Heat it on a stove, not in the microwave.
Okay.
[VIU Ver] E22 20th Century Boy & Girl
"I Think I Found My Medicine"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Daehan Bank)
- Ms. Choi. - Hello.
I heard Anthony's making quite a lot.
Were you checking your bank account?
- I was. - Buy me some ramyeon.
Jin Jin helped make him famous again.
I can do that. Let's go.
Why did Anthony say no to the rubber gloves?
He just did.
He's monitoring his image.
Silly Jin Jin...
got so excited about promoting rubber gloves.
Anthony's wisdom kept her out of trouble.
Thank you.
"We Got Married" did a lot to make her seem more approachable.
She doesn't need to be.
Psychos keep sending weird presents.
I'm so stressed.
Right.
Where's your office?
Oh, our office?
We get a lot of couple gifts that Anthony should take.
Set them aside. I'll pick them up.
Do that, then.
Can I order more gimbap?
Of course. Can we have another gimbap?
Hello.
Come in.
Wait.
- I have a present. - What?
Anthony's present bothered you?
Are you jealous?
I only saw that word in books.
I don't know what that is.
Is jealousy...
something you feel towards...
someone smarter, richer, or more affluent than you?
I love it. You got jealous about me.
Right?
I guess so.
I love jealous men.
- I must be a pervert. - You're not.
Pass the oil.
Here.
Wait.
You should use the leek oil.
What?
Inexperienced cooks add onion.
- Are you taking classes? - Yes.
From whom?
Mr. Baek.
Mr. Baek? Who's Mr. Baek?
Don't you know?
You know nothing about living alone.
He's the savior of everyone who lives alone.
I don't know.
I don't need...
someone like him.
It's so cold.
The weather's so extreme.
It's freezing.
Looking for someone?
- Like whom? - I think you are.
I'm not.
It's so hot. I feel so hot.
You feel hot?
It's freezing.
Ms. Han, shouldn't you see a doctor?
A doctor?
Yes, a doctor.
I should see a doctor.
What are you doing here?
- I'm sick. - Are you?
- How? - Listen to my symptoms.
I'm listening.
Ever since that pervert taxi driver scared me,
I've had sweaty palms, my heart pounds,
and I hyperventilate whenever I think of him.
Is it the stress?
Let me see.
There's no fever.
Do you have headaches or feel nauseous?
Or are you on...
any medication?
No.
But...
I think I found my medicine.
Did you? What is it?
You.
Me?
Yes.
Fix me.
(10 reasons I can't help but love you)
What shall we do after this?
- Movie? - Movie.
- DiCaprio. - DiCaprio.
Okay.
But you have to finish this.
You must eat it all.
I will.
Good girl. You're such a good girl.
Good girl.
Here.
What are they up to?
Hey.
Where are you going?
Dad's watching baduk. I want to watch soccer.
Stop going upstairs.
- Why? - You don't need to know why.
Whatever the reason, stop going upstairs.
I need to watch soccer.
I will...
get you your own TV.
- Promise? - Yes.
I'll buy it online before you change your mind.
Honey, let's go slaughter a chicken.
What?
Why go to a cinema if we'll sit apart?
Let's be careful. We have to be.
I don't care.
You have to be careful. And that means I do too.
- Okay? - Fine.
- I'm fine. You put it on. - Your lips are all chapped.
Go home now.
- You won't find a scoop there. - Okay.
Okay, then. Bye.
Goodbye.
(You have a new mail.)
(Inbox)
(A shocking picture of Sa Jin Jin during her honeymoon trip)
(Hello, I want to report a very shocking picture.)
(I saw this moment by accident. Please take a look. It's shocking.)
Sa Jin Jin, look at you.
No one is behind us.
(I'm right here.)
Watch the movie.
We have 10 minutes left.
I'll be in the car.
Go first.
Wasn't it cold in here? You should've turned on the heater.
- I'm fine. - Wasn't that fun?
But I couldn't see the ending.
I couldn't figure out how the movie would end.
- It got interesting after you left. - Really?
Did DiCaprio die? He did, didn't he?
- No. - Then did he live?
Did he successfully get his revenge?
Is that the case?
What do you mean?
Do you want me to tell you? There was a huge twist.
Yes, what is it? Tell me.
- He and Tom Hardy... - Yes?
- in the end... - Yes?
end up...
Will you stop that? Tell me how it...
- Goodnight. - Do you want me to walk you home?
Just go home. Goodnight.
(Speeding Ticket)
(Location: Myeongjin Hospital)
Yes?
Chul Min, you don't sound well.
Hello? Where are you right now?
Home.
What? Are you sick? Are you okay?
Hello? Hello?
Chul Min, I'll be there right now. Hold on, okay?
This is way too interesting.
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
Wow, someone might think he's your son-in-law.
Ji Won, do you have good news?
Let's wait and see if you two are playing house.
Will you two get married?
I thought your career would take off thanks to Jin Jin.
What kind of a soap opera is this?
Jin Jin, you know everything about me,
but I don't really know anything about you.
I really am a success, aren't I?
This is huge. It'll make the headlines.